docs(self-managed): add a precision on a specific env variables (#5390)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/connectors-deployment/connectors-configuration.md

If you want to use outbound Connectors for a single tenant that is different
from the default tenant, you can specify a different default tenant ID using:

> It is possible to adjust the polling interval of connectors polling process definitions to Operate by setting the environment variable `CAMUNDA_CONNECTOR_POLLING_INTERVAL`. This variable allows you to control how often Connectors fetch the process definitions, with the interval specified in milliseconds. For example, setting `CAMUNDA_CONNECTOR_POLLING_INTERVAL=20000` will configure the Connectors to poll every 20 seconds.

Reviewer: Non-blocking, but I've been seeing some inconsistency between connectors and Connectors.

I don't think the docs team has yet gone through and lowercased connectors yet, and until we do so, I would recommend upper casing for consistency.

CC @mesellings

> It is possible to adjust the polling interval of connectors polling process definitions to Operate by setting the environment variable `CAMUNDA_CONNECTOR_POLLING_INTERVAL`. This variable allows you to control how often Connectors fetch the process definitions, with the interval specified in milliseconds. For example, setting `CAMUNDA_CONNECTOR_POLLING_INTERVAL=20000` will configure the Connectors to poll every 20 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to adjust the polling interval of Connectors polling process definitions to Operate by setting the environment variable `CAMUNDA_CONNECTOR_POLLING_INTERVAL`. This variable allows you to control how often Connectors fetch the process definitions, with the interval specified in milliseconds. For example, setting `CAMUNDA_CONNECTOR_POLLING_INTERVAL=20000` will configure the Connectors to poll every 20 seconds.
```

> It is possible to adjust the polling interval of connectors polling process definitions to Operate by setting the environment variable CAMUNDA_CONNECTOR_POLLING_INTERVAL. This variable allows you to control how often Connectors fetch the process definitions, with the interval specified in milliseconds. For example, setting CAMUNDA_CONNECTOR_POLLING_INTERVAL=20000 will configure the Connectors to poll every 20 seconds.
> 
> Example:
> 
> ```
> CAMUNDA_CONNECTOR_POLLING_INTERVAL=10000
> ```
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is possible to adjust the polling interval of connectors polling process definitions from Operate by setting the environment variable `CAMUNDA_CONNECTOR_POLLING_INTERVAL`. This variable controls the frequency of process definition fetching by Connectors, measured in milliseconds. For example, setting `CAMUNDA_CONNECTOR_POLLING_INTERVAL=20000` will configure the Connectors to poll every 20 seconds.

Example:

```
CAMUNDA_CONNECTOR_POLLING_INTERVAL=20000
```

```
